PRODDOCS-537: Fabric Lakehouse (#8620)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/core/connect-data-platform/fabricspark-setup.md

<p>For further info, refer to the GitHub repository: <a href={`https://github.com/${frontMatter.meta.github_repo}`}>{frontMatter.meta.github_repo}</a></p>

## Authentication

> The Fabric Lakehouse adapter (`dbt-fabricspark`) connects to Fabric Spark through the Livy API. To authenticate using your active Azure CLI session (for example, after running `az login`), set `authentication: CLI` in your `profiles.yml` file.

Author: ```suggestion
The Fabric Lakehouse adapter (`dbt-fabricspark`) connects to Fabric Spark through the Livy API. You can authenticate using Azure CLI, which allows dbt to use credentials from an active `az login` session. To use this method, set `authentication: CLI` in your `profiles.yml` file.
```

<p>For further info, refer to the GitHub repository: <a href={`https://github.com/${frontMatter.meta.github_repo}`}>{frontMatter.meta.github_repo}</a></p>

## Authentication

The Fabric Lakehouse adapter (`dbt-fabricspark`) connects to Fabric Spark through the Livy API. You can authenticate using Azure CLI, which allows dbt to use credentials from an active `az login` session. To use this method, set `authentication: CLI` in your `profiles.yml` file and run `az login`.

When you authenticate, Azure CLI may open a browser window or prompt you to complete sign-in on the [Microsoft device login](https://microsoft.com/devicelogin) page and enter a one-time code to complete sign-in. Once authentication is successful, dbt automatically reuses the active Azure CLI session for subsequent commands.

> See [`session-jobs`](/docs/core/connect-data-platform/fabricspark-setup#session-jobs) for an example authentication configuration.

Reviewer: We avoid "see" because not everyone has sight.
```suggestion
Refer to [`session-jobs`](/docs/core/connect-data-platform/fabricspark-setup#session-jobs) for an example authentication configuration.
```
